with another look around somebody's
dressing room its dressing number 28
now the 28 is also the amount of week
that we had to in Strictly Come Dancing
for well some of them are I'm doing that
too
let's go in find out whose room it is
well here we are inside room 28 let's
look around and see what we can find
Revolutionary Road optimum multivitamins
and quite long as well a neutral odor a
girl's count I know it doesn't say much
on our show but could be a clue it's not
a very long coat fine makeup more mold
lots of makeup said to Canada something
got to smell nice
almost vanilla
we've got BBC food hair covered up
so that improves we've got very long
because somebody likes to read realistic
fiction because some of you might well
Santa Cruz and healthy eat so who do you
think dresses in a room like this
you